you go alright so today is Monday 18 of
September 2017 and this is the ipfs all
hands so the recording is solid and if
you have anything that you would like to
if you shut about or to demo during this
call please add into the notes we have
the addendum just add another another
row so the first point of the agenda is
about next week call the next two weeks
the protocol labs people are going to be
meeting in person and so the weekly
calls we just did a sort of everyone
sitting with one big camera and so I'm
wondering whether we should do that cuz
especially since it usually that was
just one week now it's to two weeks in a
row that we will all eat all together so
should we do that or should we just
that's your question
so there is two weeks in a row and then
right afterwards the next week is the
the retreating equate okay yeah all
right so there's Colin now they're
treating Creek and I think it's in two
weeks October 1 to 8 right okay so you
mean starting next week okay also the
following will be
additional people so either way more
than half of the people who are
currently on this call will all be in
one place will actually not even count
it's less than half if you went by
losing on the call right now so how
should we allow that to impact the
scheduling of this call that's the
question
to redo your thoughts you were so in
terms of like our where we actually are
coming better prepared for this this
time because we are going to have a
better camera and make better
microphones so DX in the past when a lot
of people that together with try to do
this call but like the experience was
never great because the video was at
grade the audio isn't great but this
time we are getting prepared it might
like in an OS there is copies for next
week's agenda it might not be useful to
have disco but it might be useful to
prepare a call for the week after so the
for the second week where we give a
little bit more notice and we invite
people to tell us about the projects
that are doing with a DFS because their
wheelhouse will help us learn something
like what are the needs from the
community what are the the current pain
points what are the Booker's and also
like just have a lot of fun Oh Mike
having a very big hall with a lot of
people coming and like showing a demo
and ending out and and yeah like we can
prepare that again this is just an idea
for a bit we're just talking about this
right now but if people like that idea
[Music]
yeah works for me anyone just like that
idea
okay well then let's assume let's assume
that's what we're gonna do like make a
commission for it officially do it yeah
thank you
I forgot before to make sure that
someone is taking notes and Jeremy I
think it's possible that so if we just
add notes about the impression of the
Gotama ssin to further discuss it
so we take the notes between the last to
comment things
you
what but we also made a decision that we
will probably cancel next week's calls
and then the following week we'll have a
big land call where we invite lots of
people to participate in
okay moving on
we knew God gave us release from Jeremy
yeah so we got the 411 release candidate
out there's a lot of huge things in this
so definitely go give it a shot
a lot of the networking code has been
reworked and it kind of didn't make it
into the change logs I'm trying to
figure out how best to put that in there
because it's mostly like the PR so I
pull the chains log from board quest
titles and all the pull request titles
for the Lib p2p fixes work GX update
would be to be thing so trying to
improve that a bit but yeah there's a
lot of new stuff a lot of lot of fixes
some new features like circuit relays
and more configurable data store stuff
and I read up a big change log it's the
most writing I've done in a long time so
give that a read try it out let me know
if things break and yeah David I just
wanted to make sure I understand so the
version the repo version number changed
not because there was a breaking change
but because features were either named
way then you know there there was a
breaking change in the datastore
configuration field okay yeah the
configuration field but like did the
repo the the structure of the repo and
the names of the files those were those
are all the same configuration is
changed can you point me to that
configuration change or like just see
sure yeah check the configuration Docs
but it I've been keeping those up to
date okay table will post it and that
thing which figure it up to
like one yeah it's in the change like as
in the change huh yeah I put a link to
their channel in the in the shots
dimension okay then we kind of run off
again the items to talk about anyone
else have something they they would like
to chat about
yes Brennan I'm sorry just a quick
follow-up Jeremy is there is like a mega
issue thread you would like to follow
see stuff filed on for our 4.11 or
should we just file specifically like
new issues surrounding it yeah just go
ahead and found it shoots whatever they
come up and make sure you note that it
happened in 411 I see one thanks a lot
yeah I've the whole we've tried like a
mega thread before and things get kind
of like yeah so let's do business I
didn't know the protocol I wanted to
make sure that yep we've already got 607
issues might as well have 700 don't
believe yeah well congrats on the
release looking forward to it yeah thank
you
quick update on server I interrupt this
thing so was able to get some of those
interrupt tests in specifically go to
Jos over voce us and and go relays also
got in a test for the browser it's just
one its browser to browser over really
it is one of the relay sets or one of
the notes that gets started by the gulp
when you run the tests and that one is
CT yes really
but and I'm not sure if I should be at
an a go test for that as well I wasn't
set up there but anyways it works we
have we have some some coverage for for
interview ability and that seems to be
working fine all the issues that were
found during manual testing or running
the automated tests are fixed everything
is pretty much ready to be reviewed I
guess there's gonna be some back and
forth on that but that is that's where
things are right now pleat if you if you
want to add something or have any
questions or anyone I have a quick
question so awesome work on the
interrupt tests I know you have been
testing to the latest go ipfs the 0 for
11 because of sequence relay I remember
that there was some combinations of
interrupts that were not fully working
because it worked from Jessie has to go
and I from Jess to go to go but not from
Jess to go to Jess right
there was like some some coming now and
they're they're all working just for
those were a couple features that we
found and Steven envied so help me
identify bodacious where and we were
able to to get this out and and it's a
working awesome okay it's Anthony's
thank you yeah
Jeremy when are you thinking on
releasing zero like is it that this week
oh yeah it'll be this week okay so I
just got there what yes today day before
yesterday so give it a couple days of
people poking it for actually releasing
okay Steven Steven you are in a very
windy place it seems might want to close
the windows one thing I noticed some of
the chests a long time outs directory
ones didn't even know what's going on
there they get the right tree fell on
time outs this you are saying like
Whedon on master or with the latest YP
is um you it again somehow
now it's Jeremy that's weeded I'll get
some context expired errors and then the
connection few stairs it we happens
randomly not always with 0 for 10 or 0
for 11 0 for 11 okay so I haven't tested
that like the I always test with the
latest release release so I haven't seen
those are skinny like opening issue so
that yeah do like if you can release him
again at them again and like just copy
paste make sure they're like we can look
at it but like if they are failing it
means it's regression on for 11 or
something that plays now let me smash
here that's do not issue well no like
this like I never saw those tests fail I
think in the last couple releases on
Jessica first okay okay failing
constantly or where is it just you just
occasionally yes I've seen a few cases
where things would timeout for whatever
reason but it was pretty random as well
also we 411 right because you're doing
testing circuit
yeah yeah but so I actually I forgot to
tell it's to say this but some of the
test and this is probably my environment
because I get a whole bunch of things
linked but some of this test they're
failing when they run as part of the
whole Swit and when I run him isolated
they they work fine but when they run
and as part of the the whole test run
various a lot of them to fail in
different places like the some of the
interface tests are failing but I'm
guessing and I'm hoping it's it's
probably my setup something with my link
modules or something like that because
if I've run them separately isolated
they might be like yes my guess there if
Ike if they run isolated and they don't
run as a test suite
it means the setup and teardown are
colliding like crashing with each other
and that's because you're saying you
know like you are like trying to spawn
more nodes with the same config file use
and there the other one that still there
yeah I I thought about that I checked
and I I think I I made sure that
everything was using like Creek repo and
random stuff all all over
I make sure again it might be something
like that nature I also thought that so
yeah it is a pretty sure though like so
Stephen is saying it like once 411 they
interrupt for getting files and sending
files sometimes fails you are saying
that like the secret tests they are a
new test via our family and when they
run out together well yeah that's yeah
yeah that they're separate issues
yeah yeah let's try to make sure we
understand what's going on Stephen
before releasing 411
because it will suck if just happy first
note stop like being able to fetch
things from guapea fest once 411 goes
into the gateways and gets the point
everywhere
Portland's already on gateways alright
okay here's to actually be working the
time bye
so I think it may be an issue with the
tests okay I'll run it like also today
let's make sure I understand what's
going on thank you yeah well I know this
pretty sensitive stuff like interrupt
anything that signals any problem like
just sound the alarm because like you
want to always make sure like the drop
keeps working those are right priority
p0 always and like if we can it might be
prom with us it might be a problem with
whatever we want to make sure that like
we understand what's going on and that
we have quartz let's we don't get caught
awkward in the future
all right does anyone have any other
agenda items
before we move on to demos first one
seemed so all right does anyone have any
demos seems like you everyone
I do have one just trying to get people
through everything okay so I can go go
first
I mostly these days I've been dealing
with infrastructure stuff and I got up
its bored so I picked up a whole demo I
did maybe half a year ago or something
like that and now with the new
performance enhancements of JSI Cleophas
typically in general plus using those
streams instant I managed to get
something that worked kind of I am
unsure how this is going to work with a
lot of people but we can try if you
click on the link in the zoom shot it
should open a page where you should be
able to see me and it currently at least
this it's pretty simple basically
brights image - canvas and then takes
the data from the canvas
sunset - 12 years so it's a very simple
demo it seems - it's not too bad
he's cool is this video is like
screenshots and then you same as files
yeah what is the data format like it is
in pubs are visiting academic stream so
it is as I said before it's just taking
the the video from the from the camera
right into our canvas and then takes the
bitmap data from the canvas and sunsets
you know direct stream
- even peers so this has a few
limitations I guess like the data is not
gonna be shared between peers which is
kind of awful right now is not sending a
hash of the image data which would be a
fairly simple optimization to make but
that would be a criminal screen on the
screen see so right now it's pretty much
using just the peer-to-peer like it
might be creating ipfs nodes but I could
start using any property of files to
dress for anything oh I don't really so
one option could be to just send the
hash and such like
Plus on a river
you
immediately skip them if you get behind
yeah
let's say interesting over maybe you
could open up a issue in the repository
and describe that will be interesting
you know that's my my shorts demo anyone
have any other questions that's yeah we
know but I actually found
you
able to learn much longer can be going
to for example as well or Mozilla's talk
talk areas so my connection is kind a
little bit I didn't hear your answer to
chatter light meter but but I just
wanted to say that I actually having
like the interplanetary were all LEDs
because like we are all this video I'd
like just any healthy people that are
hacking on a TFS would be a lot of fun
yeah okay yeah it wouldn't be too
difficult it's basically just clearing
to two people right yeah it f commits on
any of that offense people's or comments
[Music]
nice nice
are you Debbie do you have ideas on or
Jeremy but I think this Martin to be
careful turning things like this into
like having like peer-to-peer video
primitives
things like that where there would be
one in a giant toolbox of primitives
that you could video yeah
but the video would be one example that
you could just do in the same sense that
the workaround Co tt's and everything
gives you a database and then you can
just give like I just wanted a to base
yeah so I just want to do like video
connection
absolutely we yeah we can open just like
a working group to make sure we get the
primitives right one thing that's
happening here is that we are converting
video into data and then moving the data
and then moving back to video and that's
kind of like an inefficiency like if you
are doing video you actually just like
want to stream video right away to make
it that fast
but then again depends on the type of
video if you are doing a call you
definitely want to show me right away to
be fast if you're doing a recording do
you actually are creating the data so
and yeah then you want to move it as a
file so opening research I know
p2p your video can be actually a very
interesting endeavor to to do okay I'm
sure a lot of people will be interested
on that yeah I'm happy to create a
triple mic start some discussion if you
don't want to join
you
okay we'll get a demo in October of a
YouTube like Apple targeting video
alright I think ah Jeremy house the kids
plug-in was done as well probably been
shown before but I figured it's still
pretty cool and I was playing around
with it yesterday and this is something
you can do in Oh 411 um so make sure my
screen so when you have a 411 if the
build this room source but you can do
make plugins plugins get so and then if
you move that into the app it lets
plugins directory and restart ipfs which
already have you can do you can pick
some random git repository like maybe go
I peeled the Seaboard and you can push
it I filled thee and I broke my David
oops that's and so it pushes it and in
type EFS so this is the root CID so if
you do that you get a gift object so
this is what I get object looks like
inside of my PFS
it's got two different parents since
it's a merge commit it's got the tree
which points to the root of the files
hash I could do like you know a /
parents / 0 and that gets me one of the
commits that was merged the other thing
I can do is
hey get back this so so if I do a git
log I can see this hash this is just re
gonna get hash I can do git clone I
peeled leave that hash let me actually
CD somewhere first git clone IPO the
that hash and we see the into that you
can see we have our files and we have
get logged psych normal and all this was
pulled through my IP of s Damon and you
can use this to transfer get repost
other people or clone get out of just
the amorphous wherever ipfs happens to
have this thing it's still a little bit
slow which is why I didn't demo pushing
o ipfs because go ipfs is massive and so
there's some optimizations we made there
but it's pretty pretty fun thing to play
with any questions so is there anyone
working on the extra layer of
integrating what they get porcelains so
that so that you can you can treat a
repo that's that's on its on ipfs but i
feel the really just as a remote that
has a current it so using something like
IP NS or if i can s is not fast enough
than something else but I can us things
like the right vision you know something
that's is serving this is the current
head of that of that git repo which
exists in the sort of hypothetical and
ipfs space yeah I'll be pretty cool we
don't have that yet
nobody's work
yeah it's yeah we we got the plug-in
working and makes a fun demo but other
than that it's we haven't we've in focus
on other performance things cool but
yeah if anybody's interested definitely
give it a try it's pretty fun
we have only like written documentation
on this from you um yes I believe in the
plugins directory as well as Hermann
wrote up a whole bunch of Doc's around
how to use plugins and so Herman's Doc's
are actually pretty good so that's easy
there's there's such more happy if you
want to do a nice X in order to avoid
using vector machines or containers yeah
so I was thinking about the connotation
for the kids
plug-in specifically I'm obtaining the
go ipfs plans in general oh okay
like the generalize plugins yeah I don't
think there's anything specifically for
they get one yet good point like what
you can do with it once you have it
installed yeah um how to use it yeah
yeah
yeah we'll get that on most of the magic
is a get helper plug-in called you get
remote I feel Dee and so you have to
install that binary and then get will
use it when you try to push to up you'll
do something
you
all right we have any other questions
right it seems that's the the end of all
our hunts and woman has anything else to
bring up that will be the moments before
we all leave all right fair enough
all right so that's it done the person
who is recording it stopped recording
and you're all free to go